# 1.1 Think About Time
I learned about habits and how a habit can become self fulfilling. If you target a specific habit and do it often, you can set off a chain reaction and relate what you've learned to other things you do on a daily basis. I found this interesting because this is when you realize you have a general interest in a topic, you begin to dig deeper because you enjoy it and you are able to maintain focus much easier.

Time boxing is a great way to reflect on the work you've completed so far and will let you decide if your headed in the right direction. This saves you lots of time because distractions are puts aside and by having set times to reflect on your work, you are able to find and fix mistakes early on. You can easily time box any task you have by setting a timer. The Pomodoro technique sets a 25 minute time box, work for 25 min. and reflect. To me this is the most realistic way to learn a new topic because you start off with small increments and realize you're slowly becoming better and better.

I manage my time using time boxing. I've used this strategy for the longest time without using a specific name for it. However, I like to set longer periods of time with tasks I'm comfortable with. For example I could work on a song for 3 hours, and I might get stuck. This is when I start to reflect on my work. I'll reference the song on different speakers or headphones and notice things I want to change. This is the best way to build on existing ideas because now that I have something to work with, I can think of my project from different perspectives and even add similar methods I've heard in other songs. I can also figure out if an idea is working for me or if I should start fresh instead of wasting time with the current direction I'm heading. 

I will be time boxing during phase 0 because it's the best way for me to learn. I plan on using the pomodoro technique at first because I like reflecting on my work and the 25 minute cap will let me be real with my self, I'll be able to tell if something is working or not. It will let me learn from trail and error and I'll be able to relate my mistakes to projects later on. It will also help me help other people. If I'm pairing and see my partner heading in a direction I know wont work, I can stop them and tell them my experience with the method they are using. This would increase communication and let both partners get a feel for each others workflow. Time boxing will let me do large amounts of small work over time and will make me comfortable when experimenting with new topics.

# 1.2 The Command Line


# 1.4 Forking and Cloning
